# Memehub

Our application is geared towards folks who are deemed internet cultured and enjoy the finer things in life, like a good joke in form of a meme. Our main focus will be to bring people together by giving them a platform to create, rate, and comment on memes generated by other users.  With this easy-to-navigate interface, users can upload their own pictures and make them a meme, caption an existing meme from our database, browse through a gallery of uploaded memes by other users, or simply communicate with the online community through our comment section.

## Getting Started

Users will choose their desired username without multi-factor authentication just by typing it one time on a login bar so they can access the meme database, rate, create, and chat.

- The main page consists of a login bar, and a simple, clean, user-friendly layout where users can navigate to different sections of our application predefined by tabs.

- Each tab redirects to a different section including *Meme Generator, Meme Archive, Rate a Meme, Upload Your Meme* and others.

- The **chat box** on our application is designed to have minimum lag for better user interaction and it is not yet moderated or supervised.

### Prerequisites

The only prerequisite to use this application is entering a username to upload, rate and comment, but if the user is simple looking at other memes with intentions to save, there are no further steps.

### Installing

No installation is required for the use of this application.

### Break down into end to end tests

- When building this application the server.js file required npm packages such as express, body-parser, and path.

- html-routes.js file requires a GET route to  /**CHANGE** to access the **CHANGE** page and a default USE route leading back and forth to the Home Page.

- api-routes.js requires a GET route with the URL /**CHANGE** which is used to display a query of all possible matches.

- api-routes.js also requires a POST route to /**CHANGE** which will handle the results of survey per user.

### Coding Style




**CHANGE ALL FROM THIS SECTION FORWARD**





- This application was created using arrays of objects that hold the hard-coded users and their preferences.

- This array is then converted into a simple array of numbers to compare current user's scores to pre-coded ones and add up th differences to calculate totalDifference.

- Once this runs, the modal will display on screen the current user's new match.

## Deployment

Add additional notes about how to deploy this on a live system

## Built With

* [Styling](https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/bootstrap/3.3.6/css/bootstrap.min.css)
* [Bootstrap](https://maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com/font-awesome/4.6.1/css/font-awesome.min.css)
* [Fonts](https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/font-awesome/4.7.0/css/font-awesome.min.css)
* [jQuery script](https://code.jquery.com/jquery.js)


## Acknowledgments

* Big thanks to Mike Daye for going above and beyond helping us get the code to work.